Star Fandom India LLP a Trust/ Foundation incorporated under the Indian Trust Act, 1882, having its registered office at  bangalore (hereinafter referred to as “Foundation”, “We”, “Us”, “Our” and terms of similar meaning) is committed to protecting Your privacy. This Privacy Policy shall apply to the User of the Platform (as defined in the Terms of Use). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the User, shall hereinafter be referred to as “You”, “Your” or “Yourself”. 
  
This Privacy Policy shall be read in conjunction and together with the Terms of Use and forms an integral part of the agreement between You and the Foundation (“Terms of Use”).In the event of any conflict between the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy the provisions of the Terms of Use shall supersede the Privacy Policy. While any conflict dealing with the data on the Platform, the provisions of this Privacy Policy shall supersede the Terms of Use. All capitalized terms not defined under this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the applicable Terms of Use. 
  
The Platform Star Fandom India LLP and the corresponding mobile application (collectively, “Platforms”) are managed and operated by the Foundation. Any natural or legal person who accesses and/or uses the Platforms in any manner or uses any current or future service or functionality or offer made available on the Platforms (“Service”) will be subject to the terms and conditions for use of the Platforms as updated from time to time. 
  
The Foundation has adopted this Privacy Policy to set out the way personal data and other information is collected, received, stored, processed, disclosed, transferred, dealt with and handled by the Foundation in relation to Your use of Platforms i.e. The Platforms may contain links to other Platforms and applications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that You provide to, or that is collected by, any third-party through the Platforms, and any third-party Platforms or application that You access through the Paltforms which leads to a third-party Platform or application not controlled/operated by Us. The Foundation shall not be liable for and has no control over the services provided, practices, and content of any such third-party Platform not controlled/operated by us. 
  
By clicking on the “I accept” button on the landing page, You accept this Privacy Policy and agree to be legally bound by the same. If You do not agree to the Privacy Policy, please do not use or access the Platform. 
  
Please read this Privacy Policy in conjunction with Our Terms of Use and other policies available at Our Platforms. When You access or use the Platform pursuant to clicking on the “I accept” button, You agree to Our Privacy Policy, and You consent to Our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of Your Personal Data including cache information for the purpose of making the Platform and/or Our service available to You, in accordance with the Privacy Policy. We collect, store, use and disclose Personal Information in accordance with all applicable laws in India, relating to the protection of Personal Information. While You may be able to browse the Platform from countries outside of India, however, please note We collect, store, use and disclose Personal Information in accordance with all applicable laws in India, that is Information Technology Act of 2000 (hereinafter referred to as “IT Act”), Digital Personal Data Protection Act of 2023 (hereinafter referred to as “DPDP Act”), which makes us compliant with the major mandates of international laws and standards. 
